very good people today we are here to
show you a little something and it's for you to see
how can I record the playstation 4 with
a see half in cantur eh that has
outputs by components and tracy as
you do then right now I'm going to teach
Well, I'm going to show my
desk television and here we have the
playstation 4 with here is the gadget
hdmi converter what we do with this as
Well right now I explain it as you see
this is an hdmi converter to
components for this reason is why
I can record the playstation 4 function
what this converter has is that through
of the hdmi
of the console takes you out
the components then the components
the captor sends us and of the
capturing I send them to the television such and
how could it be done with playstation 3
so for that reason it's the reason why it's
why can I record and also apart
because this converter has the skips
protection protection 1 control
of the protection that calls playstation to
the time to record is worth and good little thing
more I have to tell you good if one thing
ok I want to say that with this with this
converter is worth to see them the
tele contrast is very bad I do not
I recommend if you have average laver without
capture hd I would not recommend playing
directly with the quality that brings you
in components this converter is worth
because we are going to play a new
generation
in the image quality that brings this out
the truth that leaves much to be desired
then what can you do as you see here
underneath this is an HDMI splitter worth the
function that has this is from a signal
of the playstation by hdmi
this for example can you get me eight
identical signals then I a signal
from this one he sent me directly to the
tele to play and another signal me the
sent the component converter to the
tele then I have two signals from the
playstation one per component that is the
that you read regular is with which you recorded
so when I put on TV in the
I put the signal by component
I get playstation 4 and the other the
of the hdmi because I have two signals and with
the one that plays with the hdmi when
I have to do anything with the
see media to see the menu I'm going to
components and from there I can
set up so that you know people
that you have a see half in hdi capture
and do not want to change it because you know that
these handles wheels are worth 27 of 30 euros and
you do not have to buy a capture device
new that is worth a lot more
I hope I have helped you with this video and
that you know that compound avermedia in
hd capture or record worth anything a
big greeting and see you in the
next video